if I'm going to tell you about the
adventure of my life explain how I got
to this place with these people and why
I did what I'm going to do next I should
probably start by explaining a little
bit about pip bucks what is a pipbuck a
pip buck is a device worn on a four leg
just above the hoof issued every pony in
a stable when they become old enough to
start work a blending of unicorn pony
magic and science your pipbuck will keep
a constant measure of your health and
even help administer healing poultices
and other medicine track and organize
everything in your saddle packs assists
and repairs and keep all manner of notes
and maps available to hoof tap plus it
allows you to listen to the stable
broadcast whenever you would like as it
can tune into and decrypt just about any
radio frequency and that's not all a
pony's pipbuck generates an EFS eyes
forward sparkle that will indicate
direction and help gauge whether the
ponies or creatures around your hostile
and perhaps most impressively a pipbuck
can magically aid you in a fight for
brief periods of time through the use of
SATs stable tech arcane targeting spell
oh and a feature not to be forgotten it
can keep track of the location of tagged
objects or people including the wearers
of other pip bucks so if a pony somehow
got lost don't ask me how you could get
lost in a stable but it does happen on
occasion then anypony who knew the lost
ponies tag could identify them instantly
it can even be made to glow with a lamp
so yes pip bucks really are testament to
unicorn pony arcane science and yes
having a pit buck is a big advantage
so with how wonderful and miraculous all
that just sounded it's hard to impress
upon ponies who never lived in a stable
just how ordinary how pedestrian a
pipbuck was in the eyes of the ponies
living in stable - and why I was
disappointed to have one as my cutie
mark everypony in stable - at a pipbuck
all that stuff I mentioned most ponies
don't even use half of that they just
used it to tune into the stable
broadcast listening to the sweet sweet
voice of velvet remedy in the evenings
or the latest school skiing competitions
during the day a stable had two soccer
leagues one which allowed SATs and one
was prohibited otherwise most ponies
paid their pip bucks almost no tension
at all the overmare issues each pony
their own pipbuck on the day of their
cutie mark party usually a day or two
after you get the mark on your flanks
that tells everypony what makes you
special but you're destined to be good
at once it shows the overmare knows what
work to assign you you know your place
in the stable so no I was not thrilled
that what made me special with something
that everypony had which was a lot like
being told I wasn't special at all sure
getting a pit buck as my key to mark
could have meant I was destined to
become an awesome pipbuck repair filly
or something but in reality it was like
getting a cutie mark of a cutie mark
didn't help that I was also the last
Pony to get her huge mark not surprising
in retrospect kind of tough to find out
what you're supposed to be good at when
what you're supposed to be good at is
something you don't get until you found
out what you're supposed to be good at
so I tried everything I even tried to
invent new things as a unicorn Pony
myself my innate magics allowed me a
level of fine manipulation that earth
ponies didn't enjoy anypony can hold a
key in their teeth and open a lock but
using tools in a very delicate operation
that requires precision levitation so I
decided to learn to pick locks with a
bobby pin and screwdriver and I was even
getting pretty good at it
unfortunately it didn't get me my cutie
mark it just got me in trouble
I even to my humiliation went through
the cat cutie mark aptitude test in the
hopes who would guide me to what made me
special but no my cat was utterly
average with only marginally higher
scores in a couple areas indicating that
I might be suited for work as a pipbuck
technician or stable loyalty inspector
two options I should note that were even
less impressive when he considered that
it was generally expected that unicorn
ponies gotten to either technical or
administrative work that is except the
unicorn ponies who are natural artists
like Vella remedy as I said before our
inherit magic allows us the sort of fine
manipulation that technical work demands
likewise the over mayor and her
government for always unicorn ponies it
is the overmare's unicorn magic after
all that creates the false sunlight used
to grow our underground apple orchard
and while our apples might not look like
those beautiful red things in the old
books they are what keep us alive it was
only because they let me try my hooves
at both positions that I gained access
to a pit buck before receiving my own
otherwise I might never have gotten my
cutie mark oh my name is little PIP go
figure
I was given the name because I was the
youngest and the smallest and even my
mother had a good sense not to call me
pipsqueak not that I don't love her but
when a Phillies cutie mark is a glass of
hard apple cider anyways
funny how names like that turn out
sometimes pleased to meet you here's my
story